In this lesson, you've worked on and created a variety of ways to meet
business objectives and have seen how they
relate to the work you do in creating available,
reliable and resilient systems.
You've measured uptime and downtime and
seen the intricacies of measuring and reporting on them.
These concepts are not quite simple opposites but need to be
considered with scheduled maintenance integrated service as well.
We've also calculated RTO and RPO matrix
to gain an understanding of what they are and how they apply to your business.
Disaster recovery is the last line of defense when
a major disruption takes place in your main datacenter or region.
You've practiced several options for disaster recovery configurations and
also identified which AWS services are best suited for your DR needs.
So far we've looked at
the foundational pieces that AWS has in regions and availability zones.
The resilience options within applications services and now
business objectives and how they tie into availability, reliability, and resiliency.
Coming up, we'll discuss monitoring for and reacting to failures within our systems.